Mention useApolloClient hook in caching docs (#6902)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/caching/cache-interaction.md

These methods are described in detail below.

> All code samples below assume that you have initialized an instance of  `ApolloClient` and that you have imported the `gql` function from `@apollo/client`. You can access your instance of `ApolloClient` with the [`useApolloClient`](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/api/react/hooks/#useapolloclient) hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All code samples below assume that you have initialized an instance of  `ApolloClient` and that you have imported the `gql` function from `@apollo/client`.

> In a React component, you can access your instance of `ApolloClient` using [`ApolloProvider`](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/api/react/hooks/#apolloprovider) and the [`useApolloClient`](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/api/react/hooks/#useapolloclient) hook.
```
Just a little more information.
